docs: add reclient docs, remove goma docs (#40948)
electron/electron: docs/development/reclient.md

# Reclient

> Reclient integrates with an existing build system to enable remote execution and caching of build actions.

Electron has a deployment of a [reclient](https://github.com/bazelbuild/reclient)

> compatible RBE Backend that we make available to all Electron Maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compatible RBE Backend that is available to all Electron Maintainers.
```

Also, "available to all Electron maintainers" here is inconsistent with the "being a maintainer doesn't automatically get you access" text below

See the [Access](#access) section below for details on authentication. Non maintainer
will have access to a `cache-only` CAS backend, you will still need to sign in
but will receive a `Cache Only` token.  Requests with Cache Only tokens will not hit

> our cluster, but will read from our cache and should result in significantly faster build times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Access](#access) section below for details on authentication. Non-maintainers
will not have access to the cluster, but can sign in to receive a `Cache Only` token
that gives access to the cache-only CAS backend. Using this should result in
significantly faster build times .

## Enabling Reclient

Currently the only supported way to use Reclient is to use our [Build Tools](https://github.com/electron/build-tools).
Reclient configuration is automatically included when you set up `build-tools`.

If you have an existing config, you can just set `"reclient": "remote_exec"`
in your config file.

## Building with Reclient

> When you are using Reclient you can run `autoninja` with a substantially higher `j`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are using Reclient, you can run `autoninja` with a substantially higher `j`
```

value than would normally be supported by your machine.

> Please do not set a value higher than **200**. We monitor RBE system usage, and users
> found to be abusing it with unreasonable concurrency will be de-activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please do not set a value higher than **200**. The RBE system is monitored.
Users found to be abusing it with unreasonable concurrency will be deactivated.
```

```bash
autoninja -C out/Testing electron -j 200
```

If you're using `build-tools`, appropriate `-j` values will automatically be used for you.

## Access

For security and cost reasons, access to Electron's RBE backend is currently restricted

> to Electron Maintainers.  If you want access please head to `#access-requests` in
> Slack and ping `@infra-wg` to ask for access.  Please be aware that being a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to Electron Maintainers.  If you want access, please head to `#access-requests` in
Slack and ping `@infra-wg` to ask for it.  Please be aware that being a
```

> maintainer does not _automatically_ grant access and access is determined on a
> case by case basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maintainer does not _automatically_ grant access. Access is determined on a
case-by-case basis.
```

## Support

> We do not provide support for usage of Reclient and any issues raised asking for help / having
> issues will _probably_ be closed without much reason, we do not have the capacity to handle
> that kind of support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not provide support for usage of Reclient. Issues raised asking for help / having
issues will _probably_ be closed without much reason. We do not have the capacity to handle
that kind of support.
```
